Added 4.2 release notes (#16410)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-2-release-notes.adoc

[discrete]
[id="ocp-4-2-global-catalog-namespace-workaround"]
===== Workaround for existing Subscriptions in the previous global catalog namespace

If you have existing CatalogSources in the old
`openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager` namespace, any existing Subscription
objects that are referring to the CatalogSource will fail to upgrade, and new
Subscription objects that are referring to the CatalogSource will fail to
install.

To workaround such upgrade failures:

.Procedure
. Move the CatalogSource object from the previous global catalog namespace to
the `openshift-marketplace` namespace.

[id="ocp-41-deprecated-features"]
=== Deprecated features

[discrete]
[id="ocp-4-2-deprecation-of-service-catalog"]
==== Deprecation of the Service Catalog, the Template Service Broker, the Ansible Service Broker, and their Operators

In {product-title} {product-version}, the Service Catalog, the Template Service
Broker, the Ansible Service Broker, and their Operators are deprecated. They
will be removed in a future {product-title} release.

The following related APIs will be removed in a future release:

* `*.servicecatalog.k8s.io/v1beta1`
* `*.automationbroker.io/v1alpha1`

> * `*.osb.openshift.io/v1`

Reviewer: I think that we need to add
`brokertemplateinstance.template.openshift.io` 

This is only added when template-service-broker is installed.
@bparees can you ack that this is correct and that we should add it here?

Reviewer 2: actually it looks like brokertemplateinstance is served out of the openshift apiserver, so i guess it'll still be present (but utterly useless w/ no TSB).

https://github.com/openshift/openshift-apiserver/tree/master/pkg/template/apiserver/registry/brokertemplateinstance

Reviewer: Should we remove this type in 4.4 as well?

application for {product-title} allows you to deploy OpenShift clusters to
either on-premise or cloud environments.

{product-title} {product-version} is supported on Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7.6 and
later, as well as Red Hat Enterprise Linux CoreOS 4.1.

You must use {op-system-first} for the control plane, or master, machines and
can use either {op-system} or Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7.6 for compute, or worker,
machines.

[IMPORTANT]
====
Because only Red Hat Enterprise Linux version 7.6 is supported for compute
machines, you must not upgrade the Red Hat Enterprise Linux compute machines to
version 8.
====

You can install {product-title} {product-version} with installer-provisioned
infrastructure on Amazon Web Services (AWS) or user-provided infrastructure on
AWS, bare metal, or VMware vSphere hosts. If you use the installer-provisioned
infrastructure installation, the cluster provisions and manages all of the
cluster infrastructure for you.

{product-title} requires all machines, including the computer that you run the
installation process on, to have direct internet access to pull images for
platform containers and provide telemetry data to Red Hat. You cannot specify a

> proxy server for {product-title}.

Reviewer 2: 4.2 introduces both disconnected installs and proxy supported installs

[id="ocp-4-2-registry"]
=== Registry

[id="ocp-4-2-networking"]
=== Networking

[id="ocp-4-2-web-console"]
=== Web console

[id="ocp-4-2-custom-branding"]
==== Console customization options

You can customize the {product-title} web console to set a custom logo, links,
notification banners, and command line downloads. This is especially helpful if you
need to tailor the web console to meet specific corporate or government
requirements.

See Customizing the web console for more information.

[id="ocp-4-2-new-api-explorer"]
==== New API Explorer

You can now easily search API resources in the *Explore API Resources* dashboard
located at *Home* -> *Explore*.

[id="ocp-4-2-prometheus-queries"]
==== Prometheus queries

You can now run Prometheus queries directly in the web console.

[id="ocp-4-2-general-web-console-updates"]
==== General web console updates

* The dashboard is redesigned with more metrics.
* *Catalog* is moved.
* Status of projects is now moved to the *Workloads* menu.
* OperatorHub is now located under the *Operators* menu.
* There is now support for chargeback.
* There is now support for native templates.

[id="ocp-4-2-security"]
=== Security

> FIPS mode is now supported.

Reviewer 2: though this was tech preview in 4.2.. cc @knewcomerRH

Reviewer 3: Not even tech preview. Please remove any reference to FIPS mode. Thanks!

[discrete]
[id="ocp-4-2-oc-adm-migrate-commands-deprecated"]
==== `oc adm migrate` commands are now deprecated

The `oc adm migrate` command and all of its subcommands are now deprecated.

[id="ocp-4-2-bug-fixes"]
== Bug fixes

List goes here.

[id="ocp-4-1-technology-preview"]
== Technology Preview features

Some features in this release are currently in Technology Preview. These
experimental features are not intended for production use. Note the
following scope of support on the Red Hat Customer Portal for these features:

link:https://access.redhat.com/support/offerings/techpreview[Technology Preview
Features Support Scope]

In the table below, features marked *TP* indicate _Technology Preview_ and
features marked *GA* indicate _General Availability_.

.Technology Preview Tracker
[cols="4",options="header"]
|====
|Feature |OCP 3.11 |OCP 4.1 |OCP 4.2

|Prometheus Cluster Monitoring
|GA
|GA
|GA

|Local Storage Persistent Volumes
|TP
|TP
|TP

|CRI-O for runtime pods
|GA* footnoteref:[disclaimer, Features marked with `*` indicate delivery in a z-stream patch.]
|GA
|GA

|Tenant Driven Snapshotting
|TP
|TP
|TP

|`oc` CLI Plug-ins
|TP
|TP
|TP

|Service Catalog
|GA
|GA

> |GA

Reviewer 2: deprecated in 4.2?  cc @jwforres   (I don't know where this landed)

Reviewer 2: (same for the 2 brokers below)

Updates are performed largely the same way. OpenShift update content must be
mirrored first to the local container registry first then the administrator
tells `oc adm upgrade` where to pull the update content from.

[id="ocp-4-2-disconnected-install"]
==== Disconnected installation

{product-title} {product-version} introduces support for installation and
updating {product-title} clusters in disconnected, restricted network
installation environments. Its designed to work with any docker 2.2
specification complaint container registry for hosting OpenShift content.
Administrators first need replicate content from Quay.io to their local
container registry. Once that is done, `openshift-install` can be configured to
generate ignition configurations that pull content locally rather than from
Quay.io. This is designed to work with user-provisioned infrastructure
deployments only.

For disconnected environments, you are still able to use Operators from the OLM
catalog. However, you must manually pull the Operator sources in order to
populate the the offline catalog. This manual process is only a temporary
workaround for {product-title}. 4.2. An automated solution is coming in a future

> release.

Reviewer 2: @gabemontero do we have a note elsewhere about the restrictions on builds in disconnected envs?  (sounds like the restriction is "they won't work" at this point since there is no way for the user to get the creds to be correct for the mirror)

Reviewer 2: nm, found the note/limitation at the bottom.

[id="ocp-4-2-cluster-wide-egresss-proxy"]
==== Cluster-wide egress proxy

> {product-title} 4.2 introduces support for installing and updating an OpenShift

Reviewer 4: @Preeticp use {product-version} here and at other places.

experiences: Full stack automation (IPI) and pre-existing infrastructure (UPI).

With full stack automation, the installer controls all areas of the installation
including infrastructure provisioning with an opinionated best practices
deployment of {product-title}. With re-existing infrastructure deployments,
administrators are responsible for creating and managing their own
infrastructure allowing greater customization and operational flexibility.

[id="ocp-4-2-full-stack-automated-deployments"]
==== Full stack automated deployments

In {product-title} {product-version}, there is expanded support for full stack
automated deployments to include AWS, Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud Platform (GCP),
and Red Hat OpenStack Platform, as well as adding GCP to the existing list of
user provisioned infrastructure supported providers that already includes AWS,
Bare Metal, and VMware vSphere.

[id="ocp-4-2-operators"]
=== Operators

[id="ocp-4-2-operator-installation"]
=== Operator installation

Previously, only users carrying `cluster-admin` roles  were allowed to install
Operators. In {product-title} 4.2, the `cluster-admin` can select namespaces in

> which namespace administrators can install Operators self-sufficiently. The

Reviewer 5: Now, the namespace administrators cannot see the `OperatorHub` on the Web console. That means, they cannot install the Operators by themselves on the Web console actually. cc: @spadgett

Reviewer 6: Right. Project admins can see installed operators and create resources for those operators, but they can't install new operators from OperatorHub.

Access the NFD Operator in OperatorHub.

[id="ocp-4-2-node-tuning-operator-enhancements"]
==== Node Tuning Operator enhancements

The Node Turning Operator was first introduced in {product-title} 4.1 and
manages cluster node-level tuning; The default CR is meant for delivering
standard node-level tuning. The enhancements in {product-title} 4.2 allow for
customizing the tunings for things such as high performance.

For custom tuning, create your own tuned custom resources (CRs). Newly created
CRs will be combined with the default CR and custom tuning applied to nodes
based on node or pod labels and profile priorities.

[id="ocp-4-2-special-resources-operator"]
==== Special Resources Operator

The Special Resources Operator (SRO) is an operator for orchestrating special
resources in a cluster that need special handling. SRO implements a simple state machine, where each state implements a state and has a
validation step.

{product-title} introduces reference implementation of the SRO for NVIDIA GPUs.
The SRO deploys:

* NVIDIA Cuda driver container
* NVIDIA GPU device plug-in daemonset
* NVIDIA DGCM_exporter for GPU metrics

> 

Reviewer 7: @zvonkok @ahardin-rh should SRO documentation be included in product docs? It is a community operator at this point, right?

Author: @ashishkamra I will pull it out for now. Thanks!

services. OCS 4.2 will provide complete data services for {product-title},
including dynamic provisioning of object buckets. This S3 capability is new in
OCS 4.2. A consistent S3 interface is now added across public and on-premise
infrastructure.

[id="ocp-4-2-CSI"]
==== OpenShift Container Storage Interface (CSI)

Container Storage Interface (CSI) is now aavailable in {product-title} 4.2. CSI
is introduced in Kubernetes to enable Red Hat OpenShift Container Storage (OCS)
and partners with their CSI plug-ins. With the adoption of the CSI, the
Kubernetes volume layer becomes truly
link:https://kubernetes.io/blog/2018/04/10/container-storage-interface-beta/[extensible].

For now, only the API is available. CSI drivers contained in operators will be
available in future releases.

[id="ocp-4-2-storage-devices"]
==== Storage devices

The Cluster Storage Operator sets up the default storage class. It looks through
the cloud provider and sets up the correct storage class.

New storage devices are supported in {product-title} 4.2:

* Raw block with local Volumes
* Raw block with cloud providers (AWS, GCP, Azure, and vSphere)

>  Raw Block with iSCSi is in xref:ocp-4-2-technology-preview[Technology Preview].

Reviewer 7: iSCSi -> iSCSI

xref:../nodes/containers/nodes-containers-sysctls.adoc#nodes-containers-sysctls[Using
sysctls in containers] for more information.

[id="ocp-4-2-master-nodes-schedulable"]
==== Master nodes are now schedulable

In {product-title} 4.2, master nodes are schedulable. See
xref:../nodes/nodes/nodes-nodes-working.adoc[Working with nodes] for more information.

[id="ocp-4-2-infrastructure"]
=== Infrastructure

[id="ocp-4-2-rhhi-next"]
==== RHHI.Next

RHHI.Next is a unified platform for container and VM workloads under common
management control. Storage, compute, and networking is tightly integrated into
{product-title} for a seamless customer experience. This includes:

* {product-title}
* OpenShift Container Storage
* Container-native Virtualization
* RHEL CoreOS
* Industry Standard Server Hardware
* Network Switches (optional)

Benefits:

* Get the infrastructure for your on-premise application development up and running quickly.
* Hyperconverged infrastructure makes it easier to order, install, and manage.
* Run virtualized workloads side-by-side with newer container workloads.
* Consistent operational management with public cloud using {product-title}.

> 

Reviewer 7: I guess the RHHI.next section may need to be removed after the recent announcements

(kuryr-kubernetes) and OpenStack Neutron to provide interconnectivity between
Kubernetes pods and OpenStack virtual instances.

[id="ocp-4-2-OVN"]
==== OVN (Technology Preview)

Open Virtual Networking (OVN) for Open vSwitch, currently in
xref:ocp-4-2-technology-preview[Technology Preview], has many advantages,
including acceleration of customer-driven feature requirements, some of which
are pre-enabled, including:

* Low barrier to integration; an implementation of virtual networking via OVS.
* SDN portfolio consolidation.
* Virtually eliminate iptables scale issues.
* Heterogeneous Linux/Windows clusters.
* The ability to have a cluster network that spans on-premise nodes and cloud
nodes.
* Full Network Policy support.
* Egress IP per pod.
* Distributed L4 Ingress/Egress firewall.
* Distributed services load balancer.
* Heterogeneous clusters with Windows nodes
* The capability to span on-premise and cloud nodes.
* Traffic isolation and multi-tenancy.
* Data Plane Development Kit (DPDK) support.
* Encrypted tunnels.
* IPv6 and DHCPv6.
* QoS, control and data plane separation.

[id="ocp-4-2-enable-ingress-controllers"]

> ==== Enable internal ingress controllers for private clusters

Reviewer 8: Suggested replacement for this section:

When creating an IngressController on cloud platforms, the IngressController is
published by a public cloud load balancer by default.

Users can now publish IngressControllers with internal cloud load balancers. For example:

```
apiVersion: operator.openshift.io/v1
kind: IngressController
metadata:
  namespace: openshift-ingress-operator
  name: internal
spec:
  endpointPublishingStrategy:
    type: LoadBalancerService
    loadBalancer:
      scope: Internal
```

See the link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/#internal-load-balancer.[Kubernetes Services documentation]
for implementation details.

Note that once set, `.spec.endpointPublishingStrategy.loadBalancer.scope` cannot
be changed. To change the scope, delete and recreate the IngressController.

The `default` IngressController can be made internal by deleting and recreating
it.

Reviewer 8: cc @openshift/sig-network-edge

Reviewer 9: Since this is release notes, I think we should move the details and example to product document (a new topic in https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.2/networking/ingress-operator.html), and here just provide the link to it like: 
`See xref:.. for more information.`

Reviewer 10: So I've created https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/16963 for this content.

declare an ingress controller as internal, in addition to the default of
external, using an annotation as described in
link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/#internal-load-balancer.[Kubernetes’
platform-specific implementation details]. While possible, mutating the
internal/external status of a load balancer service is not supported. Changing
the scope of an existing ingress controller will temporarily impact ingress
availability.

[id="ocp-4-2-kubernetes-cni-plug-in-additions"]
Kubernetes CNI plug-in additions and enhancements

Several Kubernetes CNI plug-ins are added or enhanced in {product-title} 4.2 to
grow capability.

These SR-IOV solutions remain in Technology Preview in {product-title} 4.2:

* RDMA and RoCE Support
* DPDK Mode for SR-IOV VFs
* Admission Controller
* Operator

New CNI plug-ins:

* IPVLAN
* Bridge with VLAN
* Static IPAM

[id="ocp-4-2-enablement-of-GPUs"]
==== Enablement of GPUs in an OpenShift cluster

GPUs are now supported on Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) 7 nodes. They are not
supported on RHEL CoreOS nodes because of lack of support for CUDA driver and
driver containers.

> 

Reviewer 7: @zvonkok can you review the above statements for GPU enablement?

[id="ocp-4-2-machine-autoscaler"]
==== Machine Autoscaler

You can now scale your cluster with the Machine Autoscaler. The Machine
Autoscaler adjusts the number of Machines in the MachineSets being deployed in
your cluster. Increase Machines when the cluster runs out of resources to
support more deployments.  Any changes, such as the minimum or maximum number of
instances, are immediately applied to the MachineSet that MachineAutoscalers
target.

[id="ocp-4-2-developer-perspective"]
==== Developer Perspective

The Developer perspective adds a developer-focused perspective to the web
console. It provides workflows specific to developer use cases, such as creation
and deployment of applications to {product-title} using multiple options. It
provides a visual representation of the applications within a project, their
build status, and the components and services associated with them,  enabling
easy interaction and monitoring. It incorporates Serverless capabilities
(Technology Preview) and the ability to create workspaces to edit your
application code using Eclipse Che.

[id="ocp-4-2-prometheus-queries"]
==== Prometheus queries

> You can now run Prometheus queries directly in the web console.

Reviewer 6: Worth saying this is found under the Monitoring -> Metrics nav item?

[id="ocp-4-2-general-web-console-updates"]
==== General web console updates

* The dashboard is redesigned with more metrics.

> * *Catalog* is moved.

Reviewer 2: is moved to the dev perspective, right @spadgett? should probably say where it was moved to.

Reviewer 6: Yes, it's moved to the Developer perspective.

Developer -> Add+ -> From Catalog

> * Status of projects is now moved to the *Workloads* menu.

Reviewer 6: Maybe

```suggestion
* Status of projects is now moved to the *Workloads* tab on the project details page.
```

* OperatorHub is now located under the *Operators* menu.
* There is now support for chargeback. You can break down the reserved and used resources requested by applications.

> * There is now support for native templates.

Reviewer 6: Maybe

```suggestion
* There is now support for native templates without needing to enable service catalog.
```

[id="ocp-4-2-notable-technical-changes"]
== Notable technical changes

{product-title} 4.2 introduces the following notable technical changes.

[discrete]
[id="ocp-4-2-layers"]
==== Builds maintain their layers

In {product-title} 4.2, builds keep their layers by default.

See
xref:../builds/running-entitled-builds.adoc#builds-strategy-docker-squash-layers_running-entitled-builds[Running

> entitled builds] for more information.

Reviewer 2: @adambkaplan is this the right doc link?  I would have expected us to link to docs talking about ImageOptimizationPolicy (since i assume that controls what layers end up in the final image)

Reviewer 11: We mention the image optimization policy in the entitled builds doc. But this shouldn't be referenced here.

> Ingress controller TLS 1.0 and 1.1 support is now disabled to match the

Reviewer 2: doesn't belong here (not related to build layers or even builds)

> Mozilla intermediate security profile.

Reviewer 2: doesn't belong here (not related to build layers or even builds)

> New and upgraded ingress controllers will no longer support these TLS versions.

Reviewer 2: doesn't belong here (not related to build layers or even builds)

[discrete]
[id="ocp-4-2-windows-builds-not-supported"]
==== Builds on Windows

> Builds on Windows nodes are not supported.

Reviewer 2: but windows nodes are tolerated (builds will not be scheduled to windows nodes)

Reviewer 11: Probably better to say "Builds are not scheduled on Windows nodes."

[id="ocp-41-deprecated-features"]
=== Deprecated features

[discrete]
[id="ocp-4-2-deprecation-of-service-catalog"]

> In {product-title} 4.2, the Service Catalog, the Template Service Broker, the

Reviewer 5: @shawn-hurley @jmrodri The `ServiceCatalog/TSB/ASB` components do deprecate in 4.2?

Ansible Service Broker, and their Operators are deprecated. They will be removed

> in a future {product-title} release.

Reviewer 12: :+1:  this is what I was looking for.

[discrete]
[id="ocp-4-2-deprecation-of-oapi-endpoint"]
==== Deprecation of `/oapi` endpoint from `oc`

The usage of the `/oapi` endpoint from `oc` is being deprecated and will be
removed in a future release. The `/oapi` endpoint was responsible for serving

> non-group {product-title} APIs and was removed in 4.1.

Reviewer 13: This is deprecated in 4.1. Do we need to say it one more time?

[discrete]
[id="ocp-4-2-deprecation-of-short-flag"]
==== Deprecation of the `-short` flag of `oc version`

The `oc version --short` flag is now deprecated. The `--short` flag printed
default output.

[discrete]
[id="ocp-4-2-api-removal"]
==== Removal of APIs

In a future release, these APIs will be removed:

* operatorsource.operators.coreos.com/v1
* *.servicecatalog.k8s.io/v1beta1
* *.automationbroker.io/v1alpha1

> 

Reviewer 14: Is there a specific API for templateservicebroker that needs to be removed? @shawn-hurley @jmrodri  @jianzhangbjz

Reviewer 5: Yeah, I think the `/apis/osb.openshift.io/v1` API should be removed too since the TSB will be deprecated.

Reviewer: I don't think that the TSB created an API. 

It used Templates API and Service Catalogs API but did not have it's own.
I don't think that we are actually removing that API.

Reviewer 5: @shawn-hurley So, what this API `/apis/osb.openshift.io/v1` for?

Reviewer 12: @jianzhangbjz that is the API for the Ansible Service Broker operator. It isn't meant to be a public api, it's used by the broker operator:
https://github.com/openshift/ansible-service-broker/blob/master/operator/deploy/crds/osb_v1_automationbroker_cr.yaml#L1

[discrete]
[id="ocp-4-2-oc-adm-migrate-commands-deprecated"]
==== `oc adm migrate` commands

> The `oc adm migrate` command and all of its subcommands are now deprecated.

Reviewer 15: @ahardin-rh please update this message to say all subcommands except for `oc adm migrate template-instances`

[discrete]
[id="ocp-4-2-PV-snapshots-deprecated"]
==== Persistent volume snapshots

Persistent volume (PV) snapshots are now deprecated.

[discrete]
[id="ocp-4-2-recycle-reclaim-policy"]
==== Recycle reclaim policy

Recycle reclaim policy is now deprecated. Dynamic provisioning is recommended.

> 

Reviewer 11: @bparees We have a cluster config API field that was deprecated (`additionalTrustedCAs` on `build.config.openshift.io`). Belongs here?

Reviewer 2: i guess although it was never a functional field, right?  so it's not like anyone would have been using it for anything.

Reviewer 11: Correct - it was never functional.

In the table below, features marked *TP* indicate _Technology Preview_ and
features marked *GA* indicate _General Availability_.

.Technology Preview Tracker
[cols="4",options="header"]
|====
|Feature |OCP 3.11 |OCP 4.1 |OCP 4.2

|Prometheus Cluster Monitoring
|GA
|GA
|GA

|Local Storage Persistent Volumes
|TP
|TP
|TP

|CRI-O for runtime pods
|GA* footnoteref:[disclaimer, Features marked with `*` indicate delivery in a z-stream patch.]
|GA
|GA

|Tenant Driven Snapshotting
|TP
|TP
|TP

|`oc` CLI Plug-ins
|TP
|TP
|TP

|Service Catalog
|GA
|GA
|--

|Template Service Broker
|GA
|GA
|--

|OpenShift Ansible Service Broker
|GA
|GA
|--

|Network Policy
|GA
|GA
|GA

|Multus
|-
|GA
|GA

|Service Catalog Initial Experience
|GA
|GA
|GA

|New Add Project Flow
|GA
|GA
|GA

|Search Catalog
|GA
|GA
|GA

|Cron Jobs
|GA
|GA
|GA

|Kubernetes Deployments
|GA
|GA
|GA

|StatefulSets
|GA
|GA
|GA

|Explicit Quota
|GA
|GA
|GA

|Mount Options
|GA
|GA
|GA

|System Containers for Docker, CRI-O
|-
|-
|-

|Hawkular Agent
|-
|-
|-

|Pod PreSets
|-
|-
|-

|experimental-qos-reserved
|TP
|TP
|TP

|Pod sysctls
|GA
|GA
|GA. See xref:ocp-4-2-known-issues[Known issues] for current limitations.

|Central Audit
|GA
|GA

> |GA

Reviewer 13: Per https://coreos.slack.com/archives/CB48XQ4KZ/p1569400736447100?thread_ts=1569400604.446000&cid=CB48XQ4KZ , Central Audit in 4.1 and 4.2 is not GA

|Static IPs for External Project Traffic
|GA
|GA
|GA

|Template Completion Detection
|GA
|GA
|GA

|`replicaSet`
|GA
|GA
|GA

|Fluentd Mux
|TP
|TP
|TP

|Clustered MongoDB Template
|-
|-
|-

|Clustered MySQL Template
|-
|-
|-

|ImageStreams with Kubernetes Resources
|GA
|GA
|GA

|Device Manager
|GA
|GA
|GA

|Persistent Volume Resize
|GA
|GA
|GA

|Huge Pages
|GA
|GA
|GA

|CPU Pinning
|GA
|GA
|GA

|Admission Webhooks
|TP
|GA
|GA

|External provisoner for AWS EFS
|TP
|TP
|TP

|Pod Unidler
|TP
|TP
|TP

|Node Problem Detector
|TP
|TP
|TP

|Ephemeral Storage Limit/Requests
|TP
|TP
|TP

|Descheduler
|TP
|TP
|TP

|CephFS
|TP
|TP
|TP

|Podman
|TP
|TP
|TP

|Kuryr CNI Plug-in
|TP
|TP
|TP

|Sharing Control of the PID Namespace
|TP
|TP
|TP

|Manila Provisioner
|TP
|TP
|TP

|Cluster Administrator console
|GA
|GA
|GA

|Cluster Autoscaling (AWS Only)
|GA
|GA
|GA

|Container Storage Interface (CSI)
|TP
|TP
|GA

|Operator Lifecycle Manager
|TP
|GA
|GA

> 

Reviewer 5: @ecordell Do we need to list the Marketplace(`OperatorHub`) here?

|Red Hat OpenShift Service Mesh
|TP
|TP
|TP

|"Fully Automatic" Egress IPs
|GA
|GA
|GA

|Pod Priority and Preemption
|GA
|GA
|GA

|Multi-stage builds in Dockerfiles
|TP
|GA
|GA

|OVN
|
|TP
|TP

|OVN SDN
|
|TP
|TP

|HPA custom metrics adapter based on Prometheus
|
|TP
|TP

|Machine health checks
|
|TP
|TP

|Raw Block with iSCSI
|
|
|TP

|====

[id="ocp-4-2-known-issues"]

> == Known issues

Reviewer 11: Other known issues

1. image stream import does not use mirrors (often used in disconnected environments): https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1741391
2. Builds: git clone via ssh does not work through a proxy (need to find the BZ on this).

Reviewer 11: Another build-related known issue (or at least customers need to be alerted).

If builds use a build secret, we strongly recommend that layers are squashed using `imageOptimizationPolicy: SkipLayers`. Otherwise secrets may leak in `source` and `docker` strategy builds.

@bmcelvee we should consider re-using the layer squashing module in the Build inputs doc [2]. This should be our recommendation for any build that uses a secret.

[1] https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.1/builds/running-entitled-builds.html#builds-strategy-docker-squash-layers_running-entitled-builds
[2] https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.1/builds/creating-build-inputs.html#builds-input-secrets-configmaps_creating-build-inputs

* Unsafe sysctl cannot be used in {product-title} 4.2.
(link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1690754[*BZ#1690754*])

* `git clone` operations that go through a proxy that is performing man-in-the-middle
(MITM) TLS hijacking or reencrypting of the proxied connection will not work.

> (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1750650[*BZ#1750650*])

Reviewer 2: after much discussion with @ricardomaraschini and @gabemontero i believe the restriction is broader than this, or perhaps better stated as:  "`git clone` operations that go through an HTTPS proxy will fail.  Non-TLS (HTTP) proxies can be used successfully" (link to bug is correct)
